Things to do:
DONE:	Make it so that gameclient translates the avatar, not just changes the vector
		on that note, remove the vector, it's not used anywhere else.
		
DONE:	sendMoveMessage is not used anywhere, add it to update.

DONE: Replace NPC with ball mine.

DONE: Make AI react to ghost avatar as well

DONE: Replace custom OrbitCameraController with built in camera controller.

DONE: Create model/(optional animation) in blendr and add it to game.

DONE: Add entity class to store model in it.

DONE: Go over Movement classes and make sure they actually go in the correct direction.

Make sure to add an event and event listener to the game.

DONE: Move players + NPCs to middle of terrain instead of edge.

DONE: Either make a sphere object, or add a texture to the Sphere, so that it isn't a wireframe.

DONE: Add physics object that actually relates to gameplay. (Sphere 'Crashlanding on the )

Done: Make many NPCs, not just one.

Done: Resize physics object when resizing npc. 
		Problem: can't do this, so remove physics from npcs.

DONE: Get rotation from transform, send it via network, then apply to ghostavatar.

Optional: Update script to make mine locations customizable.

Add Sound

Add Animation


Requirements:
External Models:
	Met, hero & robot.
Networked Multi-Player:
	Met, 2-players.
Scripting:
	Met, script controls mine number, starting player locations, and mine trigger distance.
Skybox and Terrain:
	Met.
Events:
	Not Met, need to assign collision events between local player and npc, and between local player and ghost, and ghost and npc.
3D Sound:
	Not Met, need Austin to add.
HUD:
	Met, displays number of mines.
Hierarchical SceneGraph:
	Partially Met, mines are Group>NPC(group)>mineModel(SceneNode). Meets requirements, but could be updated to have group have more than 1 object in it.
Animation:
	Not Met, need Austin to add.
NPCs:
	Met, game runs fine till around 300 mines.
Physics:
	Met, drops crashPod on the other player's location.
	
Additional Notes:
	FSEM mode works, but Windowed mode doesn't.
	Need to properly cite source for terrain and skybox.
	Should change package name to something more fitting (mineGame?)
	Also change game window title.
	
Appendix A (Previous Requirements):

Need to do collision using bounding volumes, can't just use physics.
Need to have proper package structure (move game-specific code (model loading) out of Entities and into GhostAvatars.

Stuff Oleksandr needs to do:

Move players + NPCs to middle of terrain instead of edge.
	Done: Players are at fixed points, mines are randomly aranged.
Either make a sphere object, or add a texture to the Sphere, so that it isn't a wireframe.
	Not doing: Mines represent mine detection radius, so fine that they are wireframes.
Add physics object that actually relates to gameplay.
	Done: Cylinder that represents a crash landing pod falls on other player.
Get rotation from transform, send it via network, then apply to ghostavatar.
	Done: Haven't tested via network yet, but applying it to the local avatar works 100%.
Optional: Update script to make mine locations customizable.
	Done.
Not Met, change mines to be made of more than 1 primitive.
	Partially Done: They are hierarchical, but not yet made of multiple primitives.
Fix FSEM
Change package name & window title.